## mine

she is from a big family as a id she used campiing, south wales lovely beaches but unfortuntatly rain, door mobile and tent, virtually were sitting in doormobile and tents. mom said go home, we went back to the north and so we could do something safari, endeed up god. but bad beaches,  then they have decided that Uk is not for them, for some reason dont ask them why. west coast in france marvelous holidays, one her mom decided on a coach to Spain, it was a horrible exp. traffic jam for 6 hours in traffic waiting for border control btwn france and spain, they were sitting in the hot and it was sweltering, and ppl were carrying water to ppl on border, and then she talks about ppl were eating truff of cheese, and that that that cheese had been 2 days on a couch, and they were eating it. they were too far from beach, and walk back in the evening, tents were not fully equicpped. another time they needed to go rading other tents for equipment.

## original

I come from a big family and when I was a kid we used to go camping, or we tried to go camping in Britain, and one year we went to South Wales, beautiful place, lovely beaches, erm, but unfortunately it didn’t stop raining. So, we had this kind of dormobile and erm, a tent, and we sort of spent all day virtually sitting in this soggy wet tent, and this not-so-soggy-wet dormobile, till we got to the point where mum said “That’s it. We’re going home” because there was nothing to do. So we did. So, the holiday was cut short, we went back to the North and so we could do something we went down to Windsor Safari Park. So it ended up quite well, but erm, bad memories of beaches in South Wales basically. As a result of that, we decided that we couldn’t have holidays in Britain anymore. We had to go somewhere else so for some reason, don’t ask me why, because we’d been down to the west coast of France a few times and camped, marvellous holidays, but one year my mum decided we were gonna go to Spain, and that we’d go on a coach, from England, and it was a fairly horrible experience. I do remember being in a traffic jam for six hours on the motorway, err, waiting for border control because it was in the days that there was still border control between France and Spain and at one point we were sitting there, in this traffic jam, in the heat, I mean the firemen were driving up and down taking people water, because it was you know, really really sweltering. So we were sitting in this traffic jam and suddenly there was this absolutely awful smell, I mean really really foul. “What is that smell?!” Anyway, and we looked back and there was this couple on the coach with us, and they were literally eating a trough of cheese, it was huge, it looked like a trough [laughs] maybe it’s not quite the right word, and the cheese, can you imagine?, had been on the coach for a couple of days already in the heat, and they were eating this cheese and it just stank to high heaven. And when we got to Spain, that was also a disaster, we were camping but we’d booked the tents in advance. We were supposed to be, you know, right by the beach and of course we weren’t, I don’t know how many miles away from the beach. We had to walk down to the beach every morning with all our stuff, and walk back in the evening as well and erm, the tents weren’t fully equipped, so we sort of managed, the seven of us, with what we had for a week, and then when other people left at the end of the week, we had to go and raid their tents [laughs], to get the rest of the equipment, like seats, mattresses erm I can’t remember exactly what, it was a long time ago, but I do remember my mum feeling terrible that we were sort of raiding other people’s equipment, but you know, we’d had to manage for a week already, basically so…. [fade out]